Q1. Why any user added using "useradd" command is not visible in home directory?
Ans-adduser is a friendlier frontend to 'useradd' and will do things like create directories by default.
    When we run it with only username as an arguement,we will be prompted to provide additional information such as password.
    In useradd,we have to run a seperate command to do so.
    We can use -m option with useradd to add the user to home directory.

Q2. When we create a user,some hidden files are generated in the directory of the same user at that time.How is it done?
Ans-We can list the hidden files by using ls -la command.

Q3. Make sub directories inside a parent direcory by using single mkdir command.
Ans- mkdir -p dir1/dir2/dir3

Q4.Change the umask value for any user permanently.
Ans-Add umask value in global configuration file like /etc/profile which will affect all users or in user's shell configuration files such as ~/ .profile,~ /.bashrc or ~/ .zshrc which will affect only the user

Q5.Add a new user without using adduser and adduser command.
Ans-Add the entry for user in /etc/passwd file.
    Add the entry for group in /etc/group file.
    create the home directory for the added user.
    Set the new user password using the passwd command.

Q6.Can we change the umask value to 0888.If yes,then how.If no,then why?
Ans-No.maximum umask value iss 0777.If we will set it to 0888,the difference between umask value and default permission value will result into negative value.

Q7.How to add a new user with a unique user id and check out the unique id of that user.
Ans-sudo useradd -u 1345 username
    To check the user id-
    id -u username

Q8.How to change the group of any folder.
Ans-chgrp groupname foldername

Q8(a).After this checkout the group name of the files present in that folder.
Ans-To check the group name of the files in that folder,we should use -c option with the chgrp command.

Q8(b).Try to change the group of the folder and the files present in the same folder using a single command.
Ans- chgrp groupname dirname filenames
